God send you the richest man now
Does it have anything to do with you?
Of course it does.
Are you my husband?
Is my wealth half that?
But we're divorced.
Are we not hazy?
We don't have children and can get remarried.
Ruoxi
Your behavior makes me sick.
You've humiliated me all these years
I have endured until now for Mengmeng
Now you see that I have inherited the wealth of the Ye family
I ran over and called my husband
I mean it.
I'm just a little career-minded
And you see this apologetic asset
You can't control it.
But I can!
Let's go together.
We have been managing our property together for years
You insult me and scold me
Don't you know how many slaps you've slapped me?
Why is Mengmeng so timid?
No, it's because he grew up
Watching you hit me
Are you scolding me for growing up?
I used to have no money.
For Mengmeng
I won everything
But now.
I'm sorry I'm rich
You can't afford it.
I see.
It's all my fault
Mom, be honest
Have you ever hit Mengmeng?
I I
What time is it?
I don't just think he's a drag bottle
As soon as I get angry, I put the embroidery needle
Got stuck in his body
It's not much, it's just slag, it's more than 20 steps
What!